Create Software quickstart guide (#1819)
astronomer/docs: software/documentation-overview.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Documentation overview'
title: 'Astronomer Software documentation overview'
id: documentation-overview
description: A list of all key documents for using and maintaining Astronomer Software.
---

Use this page to quickly access the most important docs for using and maintaining Astronomer Software.

## Install Astronomer Software 

Use the following guides as the core reference for configuring a new installation of Astronomer Software

- [Install Astronomer on AWS](install-aws.md)
- [Install Astronomer on GCP](install-gcp.md)
- [Install Astronomer on Azure](install-azure.md)

Depending on your organization's needs ,use the following docs to complete additional, optional configuration during your installation. 

- [Generate a self-signed certificate](self-signed-certificate.md)
- [Renew TLS certificates on Astronomer Software](renew-tls-cert.md)
- [Install Astronomer on an airgapped system](install-airgapped.md)

## Key DAG author actions

> If you regularly write and deploy DAGs, use the following docs as your core reference:

Author: ```suggestion
If you primarily write and deploy DAGs, use the following docs as your core reference:
```

- [Log in to Astronomer Software](log-in-to-software.md)
- [Create an Astro project](create-project.md)
- [Deploy code using the Astro CLI](deploy-cli.md)
- [Set environment variables](environment-variables.md)
- [Upgrade Airflow](manage-airflow-versions.md)

## Key administrator actions

> If you need to regularly manage users and cloud resources for Astronomer Software, use the following docs as your core reference:

Author: ```suggestion
If you regularly manage users and cloud resources for Astronomer Software, use the following docs as your core reference:
```

- [Apply a platform configuration changes](apply-platform-config.md)
- [Manage users on Astronomer Software](workspace-permissions.md)
- [Manage and customize user roles](manage-platform-users.md)
- [Alerting in Astronomer Software](platform-alerts.md)
- [Configure a Deployment on Astronomer Software](configure-deployment.md)
- [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md)

## Keep up to date on releases and compatibility

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The following docs are frequently updated with the latest release and compatibility information: 

```

---

> sidebar_label: 'Documentation overview'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'Documentation reference'
```

> title: 'Astronomer Software documentation overview'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Astronomer Software documentation resources'
```

id: documentation-overview

> description: A list of all key documents for using and maintaining Astronomer Software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview of the documentation available to install and manage Astronomer Software.
```

---

> Use this page to quickly access the most important docs for using and maintaining Astronomer Software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
If you want to keep this statement, use it as an introduction that appears below the heading.

> Use this page to quickly access the most important docs for using and maintaining Astronomer Software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this reference to identify the documentation resources that are available to help you install and manage Astronomer Software.
```

## Install Astronomer Software 

> Use the following guides as the core reference for configuring a new installation of Astronomer Software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following guides will help you install and configure a new Astronomer Software installation: 
```

- [Install Astronomer on AWS](install-aws.md)
- [Install Astronomer on GCP](install-gcp.md)
- [Install Astronomer on Azure](install-azure.md)

> Depending on your organization's needs ,use the following docs to complete additional, optional configuration during your installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following topics are recommended when your organization needs optional configurations during the Astronomer Software installation: 
```

- [Generate a self-signed certificate](self-signed-certificate.md)
- [Renew TLS certificates on Astronomer Software](renew-tls-cert.md)
- [Install Astronomer on an airgapped system](install-airgapped.md)

> ## Key DAG author actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Author DAGs
```

> If you primarily write and deploy DAGs, use the following docs as your core reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following topics are intended to help you write and deploy DAGs:
```

- [Log in to Astronomer Software](log-in-to-software.md)
- [Create an Astro project](create-project.md)
- [Deploy code using the Astro CLI](deploy-cli.md)
- [Set environment variables](environment-variables.md)
- [Upgrade Airflow](manage-airflow-versions.md)

> ## Key administrator actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Administer Astronomer Software
```

> If you regularly manage users and cloud resources for Astronomer Software, use the following docs as your core reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an Astronomer Software administrator, the following topics can help you get started:
```

- [Apply a platform configuration changes](apply-platform-config.md)
- [Manage users on Astronomer Software](workspace-permissions.md)
- [Manage and customize user roles](manage-platform-users.md)
- [Alerting in Astronomer Software](platform-alerts.md)
- [Configure a Deployment on Astronomer Software](configure-deployment.md)
- [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md)

> ## Keep up to date on releases and compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keep up to date
```

> The following docs are frequently updated with the latest release and compatibility information: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following topics are available to help make sure you're aware of the latest Astronomer Software functionality and what's required to run Astronomer Software: 
```
